hello my name is Steve Ali I'm one of
the chef's friend taste time for school
of food entire roland authorship i'm
going to show you some recipes and some
of the dishes that we do here i'm going
to show you how to boil potatoes one
thing to remember when you when you're
going to do a straightforward mashed
potato is the potatoes need to be cut
fairly evenly in size so they're all
roughly the same size so i have to
measure them but roughly the same size
the other thing is with mashed potatoes
you'll generally start them off in cold
water if you're doing new potatoes you
would normally start them off in boredom
so these are in cold water and they're
going to just go on the stove and rock
the world he's going to add a little bit
of salt not too much as well we're just
it at the end of it when up nice turn
off so that's our mashed potato they're
going to boil now for about about 20
minutes or so that's from boiling on a
nice low heat and then we can drain off
and ready for the mash potatoes are now
cooked I've tried them with a fork and
fork goes in nice and easy small knife
if you want a meatball now I'm going to
drain this water off we can use sort of
this figuration sometimes but we've got
agreed with this ready-made so and now
we're ready for mashing
mashed potatoes wouldn't be nice and
less they have a little bit of butcher
in there so I'm going to put another a
generous another butcher in also a
little bit of cream for milk
but you watch it on the cool of the day
sit down to watch the things to consider
when you're boiling potatoes is that you
cut them all fairly evenly in size so
that they cook at an even rate and also
that you start them off in cold water
and that you season the world and that's
how to boil potatoes